## Planning component deliveries in a production plant

#### The project is part of the thesis

The aim of the project is to implement an algorithm that approximates the supply problem components in the factory. The resulting application enables simulation of the problem for the created factory model and finding a solution for it.

The problem under consideration is the supply of components needed for on-site production factories. It consists of the main warehouse, production cells, local warehouses, machines and transport paths. Internal logistics is based on Lean Manufacturing rules.

The factory is divided into sections. They are marked by paths along the length factories with production cells. All sections are connected by road main, the beginning of which is in the main warehouse. It is assumed that the main warehouse continuously has the number of components needed to download. The task of the employees there is a cyclical delivery of parts from the main warehouse to local warehouses in one shift. Each employed person is associated with the costs of their work. Employees are equipped with vehicles characterized by certain average speeds movement, maximum number of containers transported at one time, and costs using. Transports should ensure such levels of components in warehouses local so that the machines in the production cells can run without interruption. The delivered components are transported in containers. The parts differ from each other dimensions, therefore it is necessary to apply several standards containers. They differ in size and capacity. Each of the vehicles simultaneously can transport containers of various standards. Their total size can not, however exceed the maximum load of the truck. Moreover, each machine is undergoing a shift produces one type of product (assuming that each product can only be assigned
